pacman-u: add alias page; pacman-upgrade: update page (#15179)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/pacman-upgrade.md

- Install one or more packages from files:

`sudo pacman -U {{path/to/package1.pkg.tar.zst}} {{path/to/package2.pkg.tar.zst}}`

- Install a package without prompting:

`sudo pacman -U --noconfirm {{path/to/package.pkg.tar.zst}}`

- Overwrite conflicting files during a package installation:

`sudo pacman -U --overwrite {{path/to/file}} {{path/to/package.pkg.tar.zst}}`

- Install a package, skipping the dependency [(d)] version checks:

`sudo pacman -Ud {{path/to/package.pkg.tar.zst}}`

> - List packages ([p]) that would be affected by upgrade (does not install any packages):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [p]rint packages that would be affected by upgrade (does not install any packages):
```
I wasn't able to come up with a word order that made grammatical sense. This will have to do unless you come up with a better one.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fetch and [p]rint packages that would be affected by upgrade (does not install any packages):
```

Yeah, I agree. The main concern is having it lower-case.

Reviewer: That looks food. The grammatical case isn't that big of a deal. I've seen a couple of pages start with a "[p]rint".
